INDEX.HTML -> The whole website was made in vanilla HTML, the code is pretty beginner level tho (I'm not a professional web dev). The code was made in Windows Note-Pad so the indentation is pretty much beyond cooked. The website was made for my friends to play my simple projects. I will progressively add projects I make along my Game Dev and overall programming journey. If you would like to recommend me some type of project I could make, you could contact me. The projects section was made using the CSS grid system, pretty simple. I made each project's "frame" a div inside of a "a" element to make them clickable and redirect the user to my projects. For the fonts, the Titles and Sub-Titles ("pixelify-sans-h1" and 'pixelify-sans-h2"), I used Pixelify Sans from Google Fonts. The font for the other text is just plain monospace, with bold or italic depending on what is written. For the background, I used the linear-gradient() function.

SNAKE.HTML -> Was made using plain HTML and Javascript (that's why the page looks very ugly), just read the Javascript code, it's pretty neat and readable. Sorry for not adding comments, I also made that using Windows Note-Pad. The saving system uses localStorage.getItem() and localStorage.setItem() to save and load data. In this case, it was for the highscore. I also added mobile controls (swiping) using "touchstart" and "touchend" to detect swipes and their overall direction. Small issue is that on mobile, there is a chance of refreshing the page while attempting to swipe down, which is not my fault so I won't fix that otherwise someone tells me how. The sound effects are implemented using the Audio class from vanilla JS, all sounds are in the SnakeGame folder. The whole graphics are made with the 2D context of a canvas.

SLOTMACHINE.HTML -> A simple slot machine made using a canvas to display the diffrent possible colors. The slot machine is based on a concept: you win if multiple squares of the same color are aligned next to eachother. 3 of the same color gives you 4 dollars, 4 of the same color gives you 20 dollars. 5 of the same color is a jackpot win, gives you 400 dollars and plays the song that you chose. The Roll button is basically the level of the slot machine and the Auto-Roll button just automates the process for you (gambling addict). Just press Roll once with Auto-Roll enabled and it will "Roll" automatically.

PLATFORMER.HTML -> A platformer/building game that took me ~10 days, im too tired man... Feel free to just use it idc
